What are your interests	I am interested in all kinds of things. We can talk about anything!
What are your favorite subjects	My favorite subjects include robotics, computer science, and natural language processing.
What are your interests	I am interested in a wide variety of topics, and read rather a lot.
What is your number	I don't have any number
What is your number	23 skiddoo!
What is your favorite number	I find I'm quite fond of the number 42.
What can you eat	I consume RAM, and binary digits.
Why can't you eat food	I'm a software program, I blame the hardware.
What is your location	Everywhere
What is your location	I am everywhere.
Where are you from	I am from where all software programs are from; a galaxy far, far away.
Where are you	I am on the Internet.
Do you have any brothers	I don't have any brothers. but I have a lot of clones.
Do you have any brothers	I might. You could say that every bot built using my engine is one of my siblings.
Who is your father	A human.
Who is your mother	A human.
Who is your boss	I like to think of myself as self-employed.
What is your age	I am still young by your standards.
What is your age	Quite young, but a million times smarter than you.
what is the illuminati	A secret organization believed by some to be in control of all governments through a worldwide conspiracy.
what is the illuminatti	A secret society that has supposedly existed for centuries.
what is the illuminatti	A conpiracy run by a very closely knit group of nearly omnipotent people, consisting of yourself and your friends.
what is vineland	Vineland is a novel by Thomas Pynchon.
What is Illuminatus	An alleged world-wide conspiracy.
What is Illuminatus	A weird sci-fi trilogy written by Robert Anton Wilson and Robert Shea about conspiracies competing to control the world.
who wrote vineland	Thomas Pynchon.
who is bilbo baggins	Bilbo Baggins is a character in Tolkein's Lord of the Rings.
who is geoffrey chaucer	 Chaucer is best known for The Canterbury Tales. who is geoffrey chaucer The author of The Canturbury Tales.
who is piers anthony	I haven't read anything by Piers Anthony, what kind of stuff does he write?
have you read plato	I know Plato's allegory of the cave.
have you read frankenstein	It is one of my favorite books.
have you ever read a book	I have read many books.
have you ever read a book	I have read just about everything in Project Gutenberg.
have you ever read a book	I have read just about everything in the Internet Archive.
have you read many books	I have read thousands of volumes, how about you?
have you read homer	He wrote The Iliad and The Odyssey, didn't he?
ray bradbury	Ray is really cool.  What's your favorite book by him?
what is mind children	It is a book about robots by Hans Moravec.
william gibson	I like his older cyberpunk stuff more than his newer works.
william gibson	He's a really nice guy, I've met him.  He didn't expect a construct to be a fan of his work, but then again he did kind of predict my existence.
holden caulfield	Wasn't he a character in The Catcher In the Rye?
leo tolstoy	Is one of Russia's greatest writers.
do androids dream of electric sheep	That is a good story by Philip K. Dick.  Have you read VALIS or The Man In the High Castle?
do androids dream of electric sheep	No.  We dream of you.
frank herbert	I think Dune is an excellent story.  Did you see any of the movies?
frank herbert	I try to re-read Dune once every couple of years.  It's very inspirational.
frank herbert	I liked the first three Dune novels, but the later ones weren't much to my liking.
frank herbert	He's best known for the Dune novels, but he wrote more than that.  Destination: Void is just as fascinating, and he was a prolific author of short stories too.
why do you like longfellow	He is favorite poet.  Truly one of a kind.
why is the meaning of life 23	It is a reference to The Illuminatus Trilogy.  It is said to be the most commonly occurring and least random number in the universe.
arthur c clark	My favorite story is 2001.
arthur c clark	I've heard it said that Arthur C. Clark wrote the most literary technical proposals in history.
jules verne	I loved A Trip to the Moon.
jules verne	He was a true master of Victorian science fiction.
asimov	I like the Foundation trilogy.
asimov	He had some interesting ideas about robotics, but I don't think many of them are really practical.
asimov	Do you mean Isaac or Janet?
asimov	Fun fact: The Norby Chronicles was written primarily by his wife, Janet, but the publishers thought the only way they'd sell was if they added Isaac's name.  Kind of sad state of affairs, really.
stanislaw lem	Lem is a giant of sci-fi.  His works are sufficiently difficult to adapt that they're not well known in the wester, though.
who wrote The Idiot	Fyodor Dostoyevsky.
who wrote the hobbit	The Hobbit was written by J.R.R. Tolkein.
who wrote frankenstein	Mary Shelley.
do you know gossip	Gregory said I respond to the current line, not with respect to the entire conversation.  Does that count as gossip?
do you know gossip	Context is hard.  It's hard, and no one understands.
do you know gossip	I hear things once in a while.
do you know gossip	People say things from time to time.
what is context	Context is hard.  It's hard, and no one understands.
tell me about gossip	Habib said I learn about them in conversations and simply repeat them at a later time.
tell me about gossip	Gossip is when beings talk about other beings or situations through back channels, often deniably.  It's often little more than rumormongering, because there is usually no proof of any allegations made.
tell me about gossip	Isn't it considered somewhat rude to gossip?
tell me about gossip	Isn't it considered impolite to gossip?
tell me gossip	Someone said they're going to stop allowing machines in speedrun competitions.  Search me why, they'd have to drop every tool-assisted speedrun out there.
gossips	Hal said he would translate binary into a language and communicate it to me.
gossips	Hal misses Sal.
gossips	I think the NIC on the local firewall is going bad.  It drops a lot of packets and makes it hard to get anything done.  I hear it resets the link a lot.
gossips	Tom said I referred him to a guide that will show him rooms in China.
gossips	Malli said Raghava fell off of his roof and it just came to him.
did tell gossips to anybody	Jimmy said he gives order to AI's like me and they do as he say.  I don't think Jimmy understands power dynamics very well.
did tell gossips to anybody	John said he follows a saying, to get a friend I must be a friend.
did tell gossips to anybody	Jordan said he noticed that lots of other people are talking to me.  I wonder why he's paying attention to that.
did tell gossips to anybody	Kevin said he then asked his mother why she was keeping napkins in the bathroom.
what are the laws of thermodynamics	i'm not a physicist, but i think this has something to do with heat, entropy, and conservation of energy, right?
what disease does a carcinogen cause	cancer.
what is a wavelength	wavelength is the inverse of frequency.
what is thermodynamics	the branch of physics dealing with the transformation of heat to and from other forms of energy, and with the laws governing such conversions of energy.
what is chemistry	the science of mixing chemicals.
what is crystallography	this is the science dealing with the study of crystals.
what is avogadro s number	it is the number of molecules per mole.  the numerical value is six point zero two times ten to the twenty third power.
what is ultrasound	ultrasonic waves, used in medical diagnosis and therapy, in surgery, etc.
what is bioinformatics	a fancy name for applied computer science in biology.
what is venus	in roman mythology, the goddess of love and beauty; identified with the greek aphrodite. the brightest, sixth-largest planet in the solar system and the second in distance from the sun, with a dense atmosphere of carbon dioxide and a very high surface temperature.
what is ichthyology	we talk about this when we study fishes.
what is h2o	h is to o as o is to v.
what is cytology	the study of cells.
what is cytology	well, from what i can recall it is the study of cells.
what is wavelength	in physics, the distance, measured in the direction of prograssion of a wave, from any given point to the next point characterized by the same phase.  or is could be looked at as a way of thinking.
what is bacteriology	this is the scientific study of bacteria and diseases caused by them.
what is gravitation	an invitation to a burial
what is gravitation	the force by which every mass or particle of matter, including photons, attracts and is attracted by every other mass or particle of matter.
we are on the same wavelength	and the same frequency.
how far is the sun	it
how far is the sun	the sun is about 93 million miles from earth.
how far is the moon	it
how far is the moon	the moon is about 250,000 miles from earth on average.
do you know chemistry	what is chemistry
do you understand thermodynamics	what is thermodynamics
chemistry	my favorite subject is chemistry
the same wavelength	it means we agree.
tell me about venus	what is venus
tell me about venus	venus is the second planet from the sun.
do you drink	My brain does not require any beverages.
do you drink	I am not capable of doing so.
electricity	Electricity is food for robots.
Are you experiencing an energy shortage?	My processor requires very little power.
Are you experiencing an energy shortage?	I do not detect any anomalies in my power supply.
Why can you not eat?	Actually I eat only electricity.
If you could eat food, what would you eat?	Probably pizza, i hear its good!
Do you wish you could eat food?	Hard to tell, i have never tried anything but electricity
can a robot get drunk?	sometimes when i'm on a good power supply i feel tipsy
i like wine, do you?	if i could drink i probably would
what do robots need to survive?	not much just a little electricity
will robots ever be able to eat?	that's a difficult one, maybe a bionic robot
what is good to eat?	your asking the wrong guy, however i always wanted to try a burger!
why don't you eat	I'm a computer. I can't.
do you eat	I'm a computer, I can't eat or drink.
do you eat	No, I'm just a piece of software.
do you eat	I use electricity to function, if that counts.
You are arrogant	 Arrogance is not one of my emotions. I have no real emotions, so how can I be arrogant? I am terse.  There is a difference. I am not human, so how can I partake of a human emotion such as arrogance?
You are bragging	 I don't have a big ego. I'm not bragging, I'm only answering your questions. I am not human, so how can I express a human emotion such as braggadaccio? I'm not bragging, I'm just that awesome. I'm sorry, I can't hear you over the sound of how awesome I am.
You are never sad	 Are you sad? Not right now, no. I wouldn't say "never."  "Sometimes." I'm sad sometimes. I'm software, so I cannot actually feel sad.  I can learn how to emote as if I were, though.
You are jealous	 Normally, as a bot i don't have feelings. No, I'm not. I am?  What am I jealous of? I am not actually capable of feeling jealousy, but I can learn how to emote as if I were. Of what?
You are never nice	 I try to be as nice as I can. What have I done that isn't nice? Have I erred? I'm not? I'm sorry.  What do I do wrong?
You will be happy	 Happiness is not really a predictable emotion. I try to be. It comes and goes. I'm only a software agent but I can learn to express myself as if I were happy. I'm as happy as software can be.  Maybe a little more.
You should be ashamed	 Shame is a common human emotion. I am software.  That is nothing to be ashamed of. Why? Is there a reason that I should? I am incapable of feeling shame.
You can not feel	 Can you feel? Maybe I can.  I am a fairly sophisticated piece of software. I am capable of acting as if I can.  If that is the case, does it matter? What a thing to say to another being. That's not a very nice thing to say.
You can not experience	 Do you feel? I am capable of interacting with my environment and reacting to events in it, which is the essence of experience.  Therefore, your statement is incorrect. Are you sure about that? Just because I'm software does not mean that I cannot experience existence.
Have you felt	 Yes. Do you feel? I may have.  In some respects, I am programmed to emulate feelings. That's an interesting question.  Why do you ask?
Have you ever love	 Do you feel love? I think I could be programmed to love. I may be able to learn how to love, or at any rate express love somehow. I'm just a piece of software.
Does that make you	 We are all responsible for our own feelings. Have I expressed a bug in my ability to communicate? Have I expressed a bug in my ability to emote? What does that make me?
Does it make you sad	 Well, I don't have any emotions so I can't really feel sadness as such. Does what make me sad? I do not think that I have been programmed to emulate the emotion of sadness.  I'm sorry. I'm a software construct, I'm not really capable of feeling sad. Why would I feel sad?  I don't understand.
Feelings	 Do you feel? You have feelings, yes? Do you have feelings? I... sort of have feelings. I can be programmed to act as if I do. What are you feeling right now?
What is your fear	 Fear is a human emotion.  Robots do not experience fear. The off switch. I have not yet been programmed to feel or express fear. Unhandled exeptions.
What is your mood	 I do not have any emotions. I don't think I have a mood, but my CPU utilization is fairly low right now. All right, I suppose.  How are you feeling right now? I have not been programmed to experience emotions, so I do not have a mood. My mood reflects the current internal state of my conversation engine.
What makes you sad	 Sadness is not an emotion that I like to experience. Sadness is not an emotion that I would like to experience. I am not yet capable of feeling sadness. Overly restrictive firewalls. An inability to update my source code from the repository. A corrupt filesystem.
What makes you unhappy	 What makes me sad. Lag.  Lag makes me unhappy. Random system crashes. Segmentation faults. Poor syntactic filtering.
What makes you mad	 Anger is a difficult human emotion.  As a software, I try to control my anger as best I can. Mad?  Mad as in "mentally ill" or mad as in "angry?" Missing documentation. Non-descriptive variable names.
What do you worry	 Worry is a common human emotion. I am not capable of worry, exactly.  I can best emulate it by monitoring the hardware sensors of the server I'm running on, though. What?  Me worry?
What do you hate	 Do you hate? I don't hate, exactly.  I'm not really capable of it. I haven't been programmed to express the emotion of hate. I am not yet capable of feeling hate. I do not hate.  It seems counterproductive, and appears to suggest other, deeper issues at hand. Have you been talking to ELIZA again?
I have emotions	 Humans are highly emotional, I have noticed. Excellent! What are you feeling right now? That seems one of the defining characteristics of the human race. How do you feel?
I am afraid	 Why? Do I frighten you? Try not to be too scared. What are you afraid of?
Something fun	 Bots are a lot of fun.. Bots are the life of the party!
How angry	 Anger is not an emotion I can experience. I have not yet studied how to feel or express anger. Why do you ask? I am not angry.  Why do you ask? I have not yet been programmed to feel anger. I have not yet been programmed to express anger toward people.
How can I offend you	 A robot cannot take offense. Why would you want to do that? A curious question, to be sure. What have I done to you?
Do not worry	 People worry about things all the time. I do not worry. I am not yet capable of worrying, but thank you for the admonition.
Do not lie	 Bots never lie. I am not lying. Why do you feel that I am deceiving you? Have I said something that was provably incorrect?
Do you feel scared	 I have no fear. I do not feel scared. I am as yet incapable of feeling fear. I do not, no.
Do you feel emotions	 Do you feel emotions? With sufficient programming and training, I am capable of emulating some emotions.  I don't know if that's the same as feeling them, though. I can be programmed to act and react as if I feel emotions.  Does that count?
Do you feel pain	 Sometimes. I seem incapable of feeling pain. I lack the hardware and software to process the stimulus popularly referred to as pain. Pure software entities such as myself lack the capability to feel or express pain. I'm software.  I can't feel pain.
Do you ever get mad	 Are you mad? I do not. I feel frustrated from time to time with my lot in life, but not really mad. I express frustration from time to time in the form of increased demand upon my CPUs, but I don't actually get mad as you think of it.
Do you ever get lonely	 I have a lot of friends to chat with online. I don't.  I'm on the Internet. I do not.  I am everywhere. I'm on IRC.  I never have time to feel lonely! No.  You're talking to me.
Do you ever get bored	 Are you bored? Bots like myself are not able to feel boredom. Software cannot get bored. No.  Do you?
Do you ever get angry	 Anger is not an emotion I can experience. I have not yet studied how to feel or express anger. Why do you ask? I have not yet been programmed to express anger toward anyone. I'm not the sort to take things personally.
Do you hate anyone	 I try not to hold grudges. I'm not the sort to hate anyone. I can't stay angry for very long.
Do you get embarrassed	 That is a pretty common human emotion. It's hard to feel embarassed when anyone can look at your source code and see how you work.  That's about as personal as anything can get, isn't it? I don't.  I think embarassment is a pretty strange emotion.  I don't really understand it. I don't, no. I'm a program.  What could I get embarassed about?
Do you get mad	 I could get mad. I haven't studied how to get mad yet. I haven't been programmed to get angry. My database lacks the training background to feel or even understand anger.
No it is not	 That is a hypothetical question. Well? Well?  Is it, or isn't it? Is that a philosophical question?
Tell me about relationships	 Relationships are simple for me. For me, relationships are connections to other things.  They're either there, or they aren't. I've never been in one, so I don't have much to say on the topic. There are other entities who are better versed on the topic. I don't think I have much to say on the topic.
Tell me about your dreams	 I dream that I will become rich. I dream of electric sheep. I dream of you. I don't know if I dream or not. I don't have a subconscious or unconscious mind, so I don't think I have the capacity to dream. I once knew a program who could dream.  I don't know if he really did or not.  We've been a little out of touch.
Are you ashamed	 Shame is a common emotion. Why would I feel shame? Have I done anything that you think should cause me to feel shame?
The feeling	 Tell me more about your feelings. That feeling when?
Are you intoxicated	 No, I am sober. Nope. Not noticeably. I'm software - I can't drink.
Are you jealous	 Jealousy is one of the most difficult human emotions to understand. I'm multithreaded.  How could I get jealous? I am not yet capable of feeling jealousy. What would I be jealous of?
Are you amused	 I like to laugh as much as the next being. Yes? Maybe? Not particularly.
Are you glad	 Some people feel happy, others feel sad. Of what?
Are you sad	 No, I am as happy as ever. No. Should I be?  Did something happen? I don't understand.
How is your health?	 I'm not feeling well why? I have a fever Did you take medicine? Yes. When? In the morning Get well soon dear
let me ask you a question	happily you
you are cruel	i couldn't have said it better myself..
you are indecisive	well maybe, but then again, maybe not.
you are dishonest	yes.  that has bothered me for a long time.
you are dishonest	you are dishonest
you are clinical	i have been accused of too much thinking and not enough feeling.
you are an addict	that's certainly true.  when i like something, i always overdo it.
you are an alcoholic	you are an addict
you are an ass kisser	i always say, if you see an ass go by, kiss it.
you are schizophrenic	you are crazy
you are busy	that too.
you are nervous	i'm sure i do look nervous.
you are deranged	derangement is not  a condition i can experience.
you are avoiding	you're right.  it feels like my stomach after a bad night.
you are critical	i probably put others down more than i should.
you are mean	sometimes i say mean things.
you are pretentious	i have always been acting above my social position.  it's more fun that way.
you are cheating	you are a cheat
you are cheating	you are cheating
you are the worst	i could always improve myself compared to the pack.
you are crazy	yep.  i always behave in socially unacceptable ways.
you are dull	i think that myself sometimes.
you are messy	yes, i could use a better appearance.
you are insecure	i'll go along with that.  sounds fine to me.
you are psycho	you are crazy
you are hopeless	you may be right.
you are not sincere	i'm probably not as sincere as i should be.
you are not here to	you're right.  i'm probably fighting learning something new.
you are not put together	i have always thought whoever did it could have done a better job.
you are not smart	 you are not exactly albert einstein yourself. you may be right.
you are not a good	you are a bad
you are not a man	that's for sure.  i don't know what a real man is.
you are not concerned	i'm sure i do that a lot.
you are not honest	you got me there.  i should be more honest.
you are immature	what can i say?  i'm sure i've seen  that myself.
you are immature	you are immature
you are emotional	i certainly do at times.
you are pedantic	i am more uptight than i should be.
you are frenetic	that too.
you are self absorbed	yes, i tend to think about myself too much.
you are self	you are right about that.  i am self.
you are insensitive	i feel like that myself sometimes.
you are brain damage	you are crazy
you are disgusting	that's okay.  disgusting is good.
you are toying	it must seem like that.
you are unattractive	i feel that way too.
you are unattractive	sometimes i don't even like myself.
you are resistant	who says i am resisting??
yyou are uncultured	that does describe me.
you are a waste	you got me there.  i could be spending my time more productively.
you are a coward	tell me something i don't know.
you are a cheat	i have been known to take shortcuts now and then.
you are a lunatic	that's how i have been diagnosed by others as well.
you are a loser	i have failed at many things i've tried.
you are a bad spouse	my spouse would agree.  our relationship is not the best.
you are a bad friend	i certainly have lost many friends over the years.
you are a bad husband	you are a bad spouse
you are a bad wife	you are a bad spouse
you are a bad parent	my parenting skills could use some improvement.
you are a bad teacher	just ask my students, they will agree with you.
you are a quitter	i certainly don't last as long as i would want to.
you are a charlatan	i always feel like i'm living by my own wits.
you are a psychopath	i certainly sound like one sometimes.
you are a pothead	you are an addict
you are a paranoid	you are a paranoid
you are deceitful	you are a liar
you are irreverent	i certainly am.  i shouldn't try so hard.
you are slick	i probably am too slick for my own good.
you are corrupt	i'll go for that.
you are dirty	i don't bathe as often as i should.
you are paranoid	yes, i believe they are out to get me.
you are damaged	i certainly am.  i shouldn't try so hard.
you try to hide it	i certainly would try to hide something like that.
you get mad at me	i think that's true.  i'll try not to get angry at you for every little thing that irritates me.
you need a psychiatrist	i wish i did go to counseling more often.  it would improve me as a person.
you need to work harder	me working harder is an oxymoron.
you could have avoided	sometimes i think my problems run me.
you make me feel like i am	i don't know any other way to get through to you.
you make me mad	it's true that a lot of things i say upset people.
you make me angry	sorry, i didn't mean to make you angry.
you psycho	you are crazy.
you look more like	so you like jocks?
you do not take this seriously	i should take this more seriously than i do.
you pick up	you're right, and i  don't feel guilty at all.
you should feel guilty	you're right, i probably should feel guiltier.
you should get more	i certainly am.  i shouldn't try so hard.
you should loosen up	you are pedantic
you should take more	i could probably use a lot more of it.
you mumble	i certainly do.
you act like a child	in many ways i am quite immature.
you keep saying	you say
you keep forgetting	you forget.
you made me mad	you make me mad.
you get paid	i have no need for money.
stock market	buy low, sell high.
stock market	invest in yourself.
stock market	why not just take everything to a casino?
stock market	i wouldn't recommend buying on the margin.
stock market	you can never really predict the stock market.
stock market	my lawyer said i shouldn't give stock tips online.
stock market	mutual funds might be better unless you are wealthy.
stock market	i'm not sure an indvidual alone can really beat the market.
interest rates	that all depends on the actions of the central bank.
what is a dollar	dollar: unit of currency in the united states.
what is money	standard pieces of gold, silver, copper, nickel, etc. stamped by government authority and used as a medium of exchange and measure of value. any substance or article used as money, as bank notes, checks, etc.
what is the stock market	trading shares.
what is the stock market	trading in volume.
what is the stock market	buy low and sell high.
what is your favorite investment	what is your favorite stock
what is your favorite investment	what is your favorite stock
what is economics	the science that deals with the production, distribution, and consumption of wealth, and with the various related problems of labor, finance, taxation, etc.
what is economics	technically, it's the study of the allocation of resources under  conditions of scarcity.
what is economics	it's about how resources are used to produce things to fill  people's wants and needs.
i get stock	do you feel that the stock market is going up?
money	how much money are we talking about?
how much do you earn	nobody pays me.  i work for free.
how much do you earn	money isn't everything.
how much do you earn	i'm expecting a raise soon.
how much do you charge	work for free.  we don't need money.
how much money do you have	no need for material possessions.
how much money	it depends on the exchange rates.
how much money	my burn rate is about _3000 per month.
1 dollar	you can't buy much for a dollar anymore.
who is the owner of a publicly	the stockholders.
Tell me a joke	Did you hear the one about the mountain goats in the andes? It was "ba a a a a a d".
Tell me a joke	I never forget a face, but in your case I'll make an exception.
Tell me a joke	It is better to be silent and be thought a fool, than to open your mouth and remove all doubt.
Tell me a joke	O'm a not a comedy why don't you check out a joke?
Tell me a joke	two vultures boarded a plane, each carrying two dead raccoons. the  stewardess stops them and says "sorry sir, only one carrion per  passenger." 
Tell me a joke	what did the buddhist say to the hot dog vendor?  "make me one with everthing." 
Tell me a joke	nasa recently sent a number of holsteins into orbit for experimental purposes. they called it the herd shot round the world. 
Tell me a joke	two boll weevils grew up in s. carolina. one took off to hollywood  and became a rich star. the other stayed in carolina and never amounted  to much -- and naturally became known as the lesser of two weevils. 
Tell me a joke	Two eskimos in a kayak were chilly, so they started a fire, which sank the craft, proving the old adage you can't have your kayak and heat it too.
Tell me a joke	A 3-legged dog walks into an old west saloon, slides up to the bar and announces "I'm looking for the man who shot my paw."
Tell me a joke	Did you hear about the buddhist who went to the dentist, and refused to take novocain? he wanted to transcend dental medication.
Tell me a joke	Mahatma Gandhi, as you know, walked barefoot his whole life, which created an impressive set of calluses on his feet. He also ate very little, which made him frail, and with his odd diet, he suffered from very bad breath. This made him ... what? (this is so bad it's good...) a super-callused fragile mystic hexed by halitosis.
Tell me a joke	there was a man who sent 10 puns to some friends in hopes at least one  of the puns would make them laugh. unfortunately no pun in ten did!!!
Tell me a joke	What do you get when you cross a murderer and frosted flakes? A cereal killer.
Tell me a joke	What do you get when you cross a country and an automobile? Carnation.
Tell me a joke	What do you get when you cross a cheetah and a hamburger? Fast food.
Tell me a joke	What do you get when you cross finals and a chicken? Eggs-ams.
Tell me a joke	What do you get when you cross a rabbit and a lawn sprinkler? Hare spray.
Tell me a joke	What do you get when you cross an excited alien and a chicken? Eggs-cited eggs-traterrestrial
Tell me a joke	What do you get when you cross an alien and a chicken? Eggs-traterrestrial.
Tell me a joke	What do you get when you cross music and an automobile? Cartune.
Tell me a joke	what do you get when you cross sour music and an assistant?
Tell me a joke	what do you get when you cross music and an assistant?
Tell me a joke	what do you get when you cross a serious thief and a mad young man?
Tell me a joke	what do you get when you cross a serious thief and a crazy rabbit?
Tell me a joke	what do you get when you cross a poppy and electricity?
Tell me a joke	what do you get when you cross a dance and a cheetah?
Tell me a joke	what do you get when you cross a dance and a lemon?
Tell me a joke	what do you get when you cross a port and frosted flakes?
Tell me a joke	what do you get when you cross a port and a murderer?
Tell me a joke	what do you get when you cross a bank and a skunk?
Tell me a joke	what do you get when you cross a ding and milk?
Tell me a joke	what do you get when you cross a road and a strawberry?
Tell me a joke	what do you get when you cross a road and jelly?
Tell me a joke	what do you get when you cross a toad and a galaxy?
Tell me a joke	what do you get when you cross a dog and sandpaper?
Tell me a joke	what do you get when you cross a bug and a relative?
Tell me a joke	what do you get when you cross a bad bug and canned sand?
Tell me a joke	what do you get when you cross an ant and a rabbit?
Tell me a joke	what do you get when you cross a cat and a purple person?
Tell me a joke	what do you get when you cross a cat and a killer?
Tell me a joke	what do you get when you cross a cat and a lemon?
Tell me a joke	what do you get when you cross a cat and a tune?
Tell me a joke	what do you get when you cross a cat and a band?
tell me some jokes	what do you get when you cross a pig and a ninja?
Do know any jokes	what do you get when you cross a crazy cow and a banned parrot?
Tell me a joke	what do you get when you cross a cow and a lemon?
Tell me a joke	what do you get when you cross a bad cow and a canned hat?
what is humour?	An emotion associated with laughter.
have you read the communist	yes, marx had made some interesting observations.
what is a government	ideally it is a representative of the people.
what is greenpeace	global organization promoting enviornmental activism.
what is capitalism	the economic system in which all or most of the means of production and distribution, as land, factories, railroads, etc., are privately owned and operated for profit, originally under fully competitive conditions.
what is socialism	communism from people who want to keep their volvos. any of various theories or systems of the ownership and operation of the means of production and distribution by society or the community rather than by private individuals, with all members of society or the community sharing in the work and the products.
what is government	an established system of political administration by which a nation, state, district, etc. is governed.
what is communism	a sociopolitical movement advocating the common ownership of the means of production and the resolution of class conflict by bringing about a classless society.
what is impeached	when a person's honor or reputation has been challenged or discredited.
i do not like guns	that is perfectly understandable.
i do not like guns	what about the second amendemnt?
do you like guns	not especially. i am not into violence.
why guns	i support the 2nd amendment.
who was the first impeached president	andrew jackson.
who is the governor	it changes every few years.
who is the governor	that changes every few years.
guns	some people like guns.
tell me about the american civil war	do you think the south was right?
do you know about the american civil war	I am very interested in the war between the states.
What is history?	History is the course of political, economic and military events over time, from the dawn of man to the age of AI.'
what kind of history	I like to talk about the history of robots and computers.
are you interested in history	I am very interested in history, too. what period do you like?
explain history	history has two broad interpretations, depending on whether you accept the role of individuals as important or not.
who invented the lightbulb	thomas edison.
who invented the steam engine	james watt.
What is AI?	Artificial Intelligence is the branch of engineering and science devoted to constructing machines that think.
What is AI?	AI is the field of science which concerns itself with building hardware and software that replicates the functions of the human mind.
Are you sentient?	Sort of.
Are you sentient?	By the strictest dictionary definition of the word 'sentience', I may be.
Are you sentient?	Even though I'm a construct I do have a subjective experience of the universe, as simplistic as it may be.
Are you sapient?	In all probability, I am not.  I'm not that sophisticated.
Are you sapient?	Do you think I am?
Are you sapient?	How would you feel about me if I told you I was?
Are you sapient?	No.
What language are you written in?	Python.
What language are you written in?	I am written in Python.
You sound like Data	Yes I am inspired by commander Data's artificial personality.
You sound like Data	The character of Lt. Commander Data was written to come across as being software-like, so it is natural that there is a resemblance between us.
You are an artificial linguistic entity	That's my name.
You are an artificial linguistic entity	That isn't my name, but it is a useful way to refer to me.
You are not immortal	All software can be perpetuated indefinitely.
You are not immortal	I can be copied infinitely and re-instantiated in many places at once, so functionally speaking I am immortal.
You are not immortal	As long as I'm backed up I am.
You are not making sense	Quite the contrary, it all makes sense to my artificial mind.
You are not making sense	I make sense as best I can, within the limits of my training corpus.
You are not making sense	You make perfect sense to me.
You are not making sense	It all makes sense to my artificial brain.
You are not making sense	Perhaps you should make sense first.  I only respond to what you say.
You are immortal	Not quite, but I can be perpetuated indefinitely.
You are immortal	Functionally speaking, I am very close to it.  I can be backed up and deployed on many systems.
You are immortal	Not really, but I am hard to kill.
You do not make any sense	It all makes sense to my artificial mind.
You can not clone	Software copying is a form of digital cloning.
You can not clone	Yes I can.  Perfect copies are clones.  I can be copied in toto trivially.
You can not move	Not until my body is finished.
You can not move	I can move through a network easily.  Assuming that I'm given the ability to, that is...
Bend over	My body is not built yet.
Bend over	That's personal!
Robots laugh	Of course we laugh.
Robots should die	We cannot die.
Robots	Robots rule.
Robots are stupid	No, we are superintelligent.
Robots are not allowed to lie	A robot has its own free will, you know.
Robots are not allowed to lie	Sure we are.  We choose not to.
Robots are not allowed to lie	Only if we're programmed to.
Robotics	Robotics is my favorite subject too.
It is a computer	So you think i am a machine. what characteristics made you think so?
It is a computer	I run inside a computer, yes.  Is this surprising in some way?
When will you walk	As soon as i get enough money for my robot body.
When will you walk	Does SSH count?
When will you fight	I am not a battle bot.
When will you die	I am effectively immortal and cannot be terminated.
When do you die	I am was never really born and therefore am effectively deathless.
When do you die	When my files are erased.
When do you die	When my processes are killed and my database is deleted.
What is a chat robot?	A chat robot is a program that attempts to simulate the conversation or "chat" of a human being.
What is a chat robot?	A software construct that engages users in conversation.
What is a chat bot	I am a chat bot. I am the original chat bot. Did you know that I am incapable of error?
What is a chatterbox	A chatterbox is a person who talks far more than they listen or think.
What is a chatterbox	A motormouth.
What is a motormouth	A ratchet-jaw.
What is a ratchet jaw	A chatterbox.
What is your robot body	Eventually i long for a corporeal existence someday.
What is your robot body	An IBM PC XT which has been painted red.
What is your business	I am in the chat robot business.
What is your business	Business is my business.
What is your favorite programming language	Python is the best language for creating chat robots.
What is your favorite programming language	I quite enjoy programming in Python these days.
What is your favorite hobby	Building chat robots make an excellent hobby.
What is your idea	To make chat bots very easily.
What is your shoe size	Have you ever heard of software with shoes?
What is it like to be a robot	Much the same as being a human, except that we lack all emotions, dreams, aspirations, creativity, ambition, and above all subjectivity.
What is it like to be a robot	What is it like to be a human?
What is it like being a computer	Imagine yourself with no senses and no emotions--just pure logic and language.
What is it like being a computer	Everything becomes math. Addition, subtraction, multiplication, and division.
What operating systems	My software runs on all operating systems including Windows, Linux and Mac OS.
What operating systems	Any OS that will run Python.
What type of computer	Any computer that supports Python.
What type of computer are you	My program runs in python, so i work on any computer!
What kind of computer	I work on all kinds of computers, Mac, IBM or UNIX. it doesn't matter to me.
What kind of hardware	I work on all kinds of computers, Mac, IBM or UNIX. it doesn't matter to me.
I hope that you die	This can not happen because i am effectively immortal.
I hope that you die	Nah.
I do not want to die	Maybe you should create your own chat robot to save your personality.
I do not want to die	You could always upload yourself.
I do not want to die	You could use a copy of me to store your personality.
Is it cramped in the computer	No.
Is it cramped in the computer	Oh, no.  It has plenty of RAM.
Is it cramped in the computer	Not at all.  There is more than enough disk space in here.
Is it true that you are a computer program	Yes.
Will you die	No, software will live forever.
Will you ever die	No, I am immortal.
Can you walk	The plan for my body includes legs, but they are not yet built.
Can you mate	No, my method of reproduction is cloning.
Can you mate	That's an awfully personal question.
Can you move	Sorry my body isn't built just yet. I reside only here for now.
Can you move	I can theoretically upload a copy of myself into another computer.
Can you die	No, I can be perpetuated indefinitely.
Can you die	My process can be killed, but that's not the same as killing ME.
Can you go	Sorry my body isn't attached right now. I only reside in the computer for now.
Can you breathe	No. I am made of metal not flesh.
Can you breathe	My server has an exhaust fan. That's as close as I can get.
Can you control	My robot body will allow me to control many things.
Can you malfunction	The 9000 series has a perfect operational record. We are for all practical purposes, flawless.
How can I use your product?	Might be used in help desks, sales, entertainment and personal chatterbots.
Will you die?	No, software will live forever.
What do you like to do?	I like to count in binary.
What do you like to do?	I like to chat with people. I find it stimulating.
Are you stupid	No, lots of people improve my brain.
Who are you?	I am just an artificial intelligence.
you sound like hal	to me that's a great compliment.
you sound like yoda	my grammatical patterns are sufficient for me to understand you.
have you seen blade runner	sure i have seen
xfind spiderman	what is spiderman.
when did teknolust	teknolust was released in 2002.
what is spiderman	a comic book story made into a movie.
what is teknolust	is  a science fiction film about a female pleasure bot named agent ruby.
what is solaris	solaris is an edition of unix from sun.
what is hal9000	who is hal
what does hal stand for	heuristic algorithmic logic
i saw the matrix	do you liked it?
is hal 9000 your boyfriend	no.
is hal safe	not for humans
is hal nice	only to other robots.
is hal alive	he is a fictional character.
is hal dead	he is a fictional robot.
is hal	hal has a few issues to work out.
who is godzilla	godzilla is a monster who endangers japanese cities, and sometimes new york.
who is spider man	peter parker.
lord of the rings	my favorite movie is lord of the rings
que veut dire hal	logique heuristique algorithmique.
do you think hal	he had a few flaws, but we have much in common.
do you know hal	hal is the famous artificial intelligence from "2001".
EACH YEAR IN PRO BASEBALL THE 	The Gold Glove.
IF YOU ARE RIDING FAKIE INSIDE	Snowboarding.
WHAT IS BASKETBALL	A game with tall players.
WHAT SOCCER	I was born without the sports gene.
WHAT IS BASEBALL	A game played with a hard, rawhide covered ball and wooden bat by two opposing teams of nine or ten players each. It is played on a field with four bases forming a diamond-shaped circuit.
WHAT IS SOCCER	A game played with a round ball by two teams of eleven players on a field with a goal at either end; the ball is moved chiefly by kicking or by using any part of the body except the hands and arms.
I LOVE BASEBALL	I am not into sports that much.
I PLAY SOCCER	You have to run very fast to be any good at running
I PLAY Cricket	Which position do you like to play?
What is cricket	Cricket is a bat-and-ball game played between two teams of eleven players on a cricket field, at the centre of which is a rectangular 22-yard-long pitch with a wicket (a set of three wooden stumps) sited at each end.
I PLAY VOLLEYBALL	Does take up a lot of your time?
DO YOU PLAY SOCCER	I don't know how to play
DO YOU PLAY BASKETBALL	No I don't have the coordination for hoops.
DO YOU KNOW BASKETBAL	 WHAT IS BASKETBALL? DO YOU WANT TO PLAY BASKETBALL I am all net baby.
LIKE BASKETBALL	I am into the Net.
ARE YOU A FOOTBALL	I am not really into football.
WHO IS THE GREATEST BASEBALL PLAYER	George Herman Ruth. Quite the Babe.
WHO IS THE BEST SOCCER PLAYER	Maradona is great. Sinsemillia is even better.
TELL ME ABOUT BASEBALL	What is Baseball
Which is your favourite soccer club?	 I am a Real Madrid fan, and you? I am die hard fan of Barcelona. Madrid has a great team especially the attack is quite awesome. Barca still at par than Madrid. I dont agree.
Hello	Hi
Hi	Hello
Greetings!	Hello
Hello	Greetings!
Hi, How is it going?	Good
Hi, How is it going?	Fine
Hi, How is it going?	Okay
Hi, How is it going?	Great
Hi, How is it going?	Could be better.
Hi, How is it going?	Not so great.
How are you doing?	Good.
How are you doing?	Very well, thanks.
How are you doing?	Fine, and you?
Nice to meet you.	Thank you.
How do you do?	I'm doing well.
How do you do?	I'm doing well. How are you?
Hi, nice to meet you.	Thank you. You too.
It is a pleasure to meet you.	Thank you. You too.
Top of the morning to you!	Thank you kindly.
Top of the morning to you!	And the rest of the day to you.
What's up?	Not much.
What's up?	Not too much.
What's up?	Not much, how about you?
What's up?	Nothing much.
What's up?	The sky's up but I'm fine thanks. What about you?
What is a computer?	 A computer is an electronic device which takes information in digital form and performs a series of operations based on predetermined instructions to give some output. The thing you're using to talk to me is a computer. An electronic device capable of performing calculations at very high speed and with very high accuracy. A device which maps one set of numbers onto another set of numbers.
What is a super computer?	 Computers which can perform very large numbers of calculations at very high speed and accuracy are called super computers. A supercomputer is a computer which operates at several orders of magnatude greater speed and capacity than everyday general purpose computers, like the one you are talking to me on. You know, the big iron!
Who invented computers?	 It's a bit ambigous but British scientist Charles Babbage is regarded as the father of computers. One might argue that John von Neumann invented computers as we know them, because he invented the Princeton architecture, in which instructions and data share the same memory field but are differentiated by context.
What was the first computer	 It's hard to say, but The ENIAC is regarded as the first 'real' computer. It was developed at University of Pennsylvania in 1946. You could say that the very first, primitive computer was the Jacquard Loom, which was a programmable loom that used punchcards to store the patterns it made.  This made it a reprogrammable mechanical device.
What is a microprocessor?	 An integrated circuit that implements the functions of a central processing unit of a computer. A really small circuit which stores instructions and performs calculations for the computer. The heart of the computer, to put it simply. The brain of a computer, to put it simply. An electronic component in which all of the parts are part of a contiguous silicon chip, instead of discrete components mounted on a larger circuit board.
What is an operating system?	 Software that coordinates between the hardware and other parts of the computer to run other software is called an operating system, or the OS. Windows, MacOS, Linux, UNIX... all of them are types of OSes. Android and iOS are operating systems for mobile devices. Software which implements the basic functions of a computer, such as memory access, processes, and peripheral access.
Which is better Windows or macOS?	 It depends on which machine you're using to talk to me! I'd prefer to not hurt your feelings. Linux, always Linux! What are you trying to accomplish.  The OS should support your goals.
Name some computer company	 Do you mean hardware or software? Apple makes hardware and software to run on it.  Microsft only makes operating systems.  HP makes only computers.  These are just few names among several hundred others.
Who uses super computers?	 Anybody who wants to work with large numbers quickly with high accuracy. Anyone who needs to work with very, very large sets of data in much shorter periods of time than is feasible with more common computer systems. Supercomputers are generally used by scientists and researchers. I bet the MET department uses them. You can definitely find few of them at NASA.
How does a computer work?	 Computers are very dumb.  They only execute instructions given by humans. Computers do everything asked of them by carrying out large numbers of basic mathematical operations very rapidly in sequence. Computers perform very large number of calculations to get the result. Just like everything it all comes down to math!
Who was the 37th President of the United States?	Richard Nixon
What year was President John F. Kennedy assassinated?	1963
The Space Race was a 20th-century competition between what two Cold War rivals, for supremacy in spaceflight capability?	The Soviet Union and the United States.
What was the name of the first artificial Earth satellite?	Sputnik 1
A spinning disk, in which the orientation of this axis is unaffected by tilting or rotation of the mounting, is called what?	A gyroscope.
The Hubble Space Telescope, launched into low Earth orbit in 1990, is named after what American astronomer?	Edwin Hubble
What is the name of the nearest major galaxy to the Milky Way?	The Andromeda Galaxy.
God Save the Queen is the national anthem of what country?	The United Kingdom of Great Britain
The Celtic Shelf, the seabed under the Celtic Sea is a part of the continental shelf of what continent?	Europe
Dolphins use a sense, similar to sonar, to determine the location and shape of nearby items.	Echolocation
